---
layout: jury
title: "Brian Lee"
img: brian_lee
category: juries
group: Architecture
nominator: "Organizing Committee"
---


### Brian Lee

_FAIA, LEED® AP, Design Partner of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill LLP_

Brian LEE believes that architecture starts with solving our client’s genuine needs, but also must strive to achieve inspirational results that transcend expectations. A fundamental question that guides his work is how a building’s aesthetics, program, and tectonics can provide meaning to those who live and work in its spaces. His hands-on design approach is focused on achieving full integration of the natural and built environment through the most innovative design forms, materials, and construction technologies.

Using these simple and essential principles, LEE has designed landmark structures of lasting value and impact around the globe. Directing this international practice — including projects in East and Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Middle East — has honed his collaborative and design leadership skills.

LEE’s internationally published and award-winning designs include the China World Trade Center in Beijing (the city’s tallest building); Poly International Plaza in Guangzhou, China; the University of California San Diego Telemedicine Education Building; and the Kia Motors America, Inc. Research and Development Project and Design Center in Irvine, California.

Brian LEE received his Bachelor of Arts in Architecture in the University of California, Berkeley with Highest Honors, and got his Master of Architecture from Harvard University Graduate School of Design with Commendation.